
				glsim
				=====

The glsim project aims to provide a C++ class library to build
numerical simulation software.  The basic library consists of classes
that handle the cumbersome but essential administrative tasks that a
simulation program must perform.  There are also numerical routines
and basic analysis programs.

A couple of complete, full-working simulation programs are or will be
distributed, but although useful in themselves), they are mainly
intended as examples of the use of the libraries.  The aim of the glsim
project is not to provide a full-featured simulation program using
technique X, but to enable researchers to more easily produce working
simulation programs, by freeing them of the need to write code for the
housekeeping part of the simulation.


INSTALLATION
------------

See the file INSTALL for detailed instructions. Basically, after
unpacking you must run

./configure.sh
make
sudo make install

As of version 0.3alpha, you do not need noweb to build the
library. Note however that the official sources are the .nw files, the
.cc and other sources are only distributed for convenience.  If you
contact the maintainers with comments/questions/patches about the
source, you must refer to the .nw files.


DOCUMENTATION
-------------

glsim is written under the literate progamming paradigm.  The
documentation and source code go together.  If you have LaTeX/BiBTex
installed in your system, then

make doc

will generate the documentation (a LaTeX .dvi file with the commented
source and general documentation) in doc/glsim.dvi.  If you decide to
make a hardcopy, be advised that it is a *long* document.


OBTAINING GLSIM
---------------

glsim is hosted by SourceForge, and can be downloaded at

https://sourceforge.net/projects/glsim/


AUTHOR
------

glsim is written and maintained by Tomas S. Grigera at the University
of La Plata. He can be contacted by e-mail at
<tgrigera@inifta.unlp.edu.ar>.


COPYRIGHT STATEMENTS AND LICENSING TERMS
----------------------------------------

glsim is copyright (C) 2009, 2010 by Tomas S. Grigera.

glsim is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) as published by the
Free Software Foundation, with the additional requirements of
attribution and nonmisrepresentation. You can use either version 3, or
(at your option) any later version.

Additional terms under GNU GPL version 3 section 7:

When you redistribute this software, you are required to preserve its
author attributions. If you distribute verbatim copies, you must not
alter the AUTHORS file or attributions inserted in the source files,
and you must not change the software's name. If you distribute a
modified copy, then you must give clear notice that your work is
different from but based on glsim. You must distribute it under a
different name, but include a prominent notice specifying that "(your
package) is based on glsim version x.x", and provide a pointer to the
glsim distribution.

If you use glsim to produced published work, please acknowledge it in
your publication.

glsim is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

For details see the file LICENSE in the home directory. If the file is
missing, contact the maintainers.
